README.md, before:

# Whatomate

A modern WhatsApp Business Platform built with Go (Fastglue) and Vue.js (shadcn-vue).

## Features

- **Multi-tenant Architecture**: Support multiple organizations with isolated data
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Three roles (Admin, Manager, Agent) with granular permissions
- **WhatsApp Cloud API Integration**: Connect with Meta's WhatsApp Business API
- **Real-time Chat**: Live messaging with WebSocket support
- **Template Management**: Create and manage message templates
- **Bulk Messaging**: Send campaigns to multiple contacts
- **Chatbot Automation**:
  - Keyword-based auto-replies
  - Conversation flows with branching logic
  - AI-powered responses (OpenAI, Anthropic, Google)
  - Agent transfer support
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Track messages, engagement, and campaign performance

## Screenshots

<details>
<summary>Click to view screenshots</summary>

### Dashboard
![Dashboard](screenshot/01-dashboard.png)

### Chatbot Settings
![Chatbot Settings](screenshot/02-chatbot-settings.png)

### Keyword Rules
![Keyword Rules](screenshot/03-keyword-rules.png)
![Keyword Rule Editor](screenshot/04-keyword-rule-editor.png)

### AI Contexts
![AI Contexts](screenshot/05-ai-contexts.png)
![AI Context Editor](screenshot/06-ai-context-editor.png)

### Conversation Flows
![Conversation Flows](screenshot/07-conversation-flows.png)
![Conversation Flow Builder](screenshot/08-conversation-flow-builder.png)

### WhatsApp Flows
![WhatsApp Flows](screenshot/09-whatsapp-flows.png)
![WhatsApp Flow Builder](screenshot/10-whatsapp-flow-builder.png)

### Templates
![Templates](screenshot/11-templates.png)
![Template Editor](screenshot/12-template-editor.png)

### Campaigns
![Campaigns](screenshot/13-campaigns.png)
![Campaign Details](screenshot/14-campaign-details.png)

### Settings
![Settings](screenshot/15-settings.png)
![Account Settings](screenshot/16-account-settings.png)

</details>

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- **Go 1.21+** with [Fastglue](https://github.com/zerodha/fastglue) (fasthttp-based HTTP framework)
- **PostgreSQL** for data storage with GORM v2
- **Redis** for caching and pub/sub
- **JWT** for authentication

### Frontend
- **Vue 3** with Composition API and TypeScript
- **Vite** for build tooling
- **shadcn-vue** / Radix Vue for UI components
- **TailwindCSS** for styling
- **Pinia** for state management
- **Vue Query** for server state

## Project Structure

```
whatomate/
├── cmd/
│   └── server/           # Application entry point
├── internal/
│   ├── config/           # Configuration management
│   ├── database/         # Database connections
│   ├── handlers/         # HTTP handlers
│   ├── middleware/       # HTTP middleware
│   ├── models/           # Data models
│   └── services/         # Business logic
├── docker/               # Docker configuration
├── frontend/             # Vue.js frontend
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/   # UI components
│   │   ├── views/        # Page views
│   │   ├── stores/       # Pinia stores
│   │   ├── services/     # API services
│   │   └── lib/          # Utilities
│   └── ...
├── config.example.toml   # Example configuration
├── Makefile              # Build commands
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.21+
- Node.js 18+
- PostgreSQL 14+
- Redis 6+
- Docker & Docker Compose (optional)

### Development Setup

1. **Clone and configure**:
   ```bash
   cd whatomate
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your settings
   ```

2. **Start backend**:
   ```bash
   # Install dependencies
   go mod download

   # Run database migrations
   make migrate

   # Start the server
   make run
   ```

3. **Start frontend**:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```

### Docker Setup

```bash
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```

Access the application at `http://localhost:3000`

## Configuration

Copy `config.example.toml` to `config.toml` and update the values:

```toml
[app]
name = "Whatomate"
environment = "development"
debug = true

[server]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8080

[database]
host = "localhost"
port = 5432
user = "whatomate"
password = "your-password"
name = "whatomate"
ssl_mode = "disable"

[redis]
host = "localhost"
port = 6379
password = ""
db = 0

[jwt]
secret = "your-jwt-secret"
access_token_expiry = "15m"
refresh_token_expiry = "7d"

[whatsapp]
api_version = "v18.0"
webhook_verify_token = "your-webhook-verify-token"

[ai]
openai_api_key = ""
anthropic_api_key = ""
google_api_key = ""
```

## API Endpoints

### Authentication
- `POST /api/auth/register` - Register new user
- `POST /api/auth/login` - Login
- `POST /api/auth/refresh` - Refresh token
- `POST /api/auth/logout` - Logout

### WhatsApp Accounts
- `GET /api/accounts` - List accounts
- `POST /api/accounts` - Create account
- `PUT /api/accounts/:id` - Update account
- `DELETE /api/accounts/:id` - Delete account

### Users (Admin only)
- `GET /api/users` - List users
- `POST /api/users` - Create user
- `GET /api/users/:id` - Get user
- `PUT /api/users/:id` - Update user
- `DELETE /api/users/:id` - Delete user

### Contacts
- `GET /api/contacts` - List contacts (agents see only assigned)
- `POST /api/contacts` - Create contact
- `PUT /api/contacts/:id/assign` - Assign contact to agent
- `GET /api/contacts/:id/messages` - Get messages
- `POST /api/contacts/:id/messages` - Send message

### Templates
- `GET /api/templates` - List templates
- `POST /api/templates/sync` - Sync from Meta

### WhatsApp Flows
- `GET /api/flows` - List flows
- `POST /api/flows` - Create flow
- `GET /api/flows/:id` - Get flow
- `PUT /api/flows/:id` - Update flow
- `DELETE /api/flows/:id` - Delete flow
- `POST /api/flows/:id/save-to-meta` - Save/update flow on Meta
- `POST /api/flows/:id/publish` - Publish flow on Meta
- `POST /api/flows/:id/deprecate` - Deprecate flow
- `POST /api/flows/sync` - Sync flows from Meta

### Chatbot
- `GET /api/chatbot/settings` - Get settings
- `PUT /api/chatbot/settings` - Update settings
- `GET /api/chatbot/keywords` - List keyword rules
- `GET /api/chatbot/flows` - List flows
- `GET /api/chatbot/ai-contexts` - List AI contexts

### Webhooks
- `GET /api/webhook` - Webhook verification
- `POST /api/webhook` - Receive messages

## Role-Based Access Control

The platform supports three user roles with different permission levels:

| Feature | Admin | Manager | Agent |
|---------|-------|---------|-------|
| User Management | Full | None | None |
| Account Settings | Full | Full | None |
| Contacts | Full | Full | Assigned only |
| Messages | Full | Full | Assigned only |
| Templates | Full | Full | None |
| Flows | Full | Full | None |
| Campaigns | Full | Full | None |
| Chatbot Settings | Full | Full | None |
| Analytics | Full | Full | None |

- **Admin**: Full access to all features including user management
- **Manager**: Full access except cannot manage users
- **Agent**: Can only chat with contacts assigned to them

## WhatsApp Setup

1. Create a Meta Developer account at [developers.facebook.com](https://developers.facebook.com)
2. Create a new app and add the WhatsApp product
3. Get your Phone Number ID and Business Account ID
4. Generate a permanent access token
5. Configure the webhook URL to point to `/api/webhook`
6. Set the webhook verify token in your configuration

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details. Free to use and distribute, but not for sale or SaaS.

Commit message:

Add chatbot buttons, default admin user, and update docs
- Add interactive button support for greeting and fallback messages
- Create default admin user (admin@admin.com/admin) on first migration
- Update README and docs with new features documentation

README.md, after:

# Whatomate

A modern WhatsApp Business Platform built with Go (Fastglue) and Vue.js (shadcn-vue).

## Features

- **Multi-tenant Architecture**: Support multiple organizations with isolated data
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Three roles (Admin, Manager, Agent) with granular permissions
- **WhatsApp Cloud API Integration**: Connect with Meta's WhatsApp Business API
- **Real-time Chat**: Live messaging with WebSocket support
- **Template Management**: Create and manage message templates
- **Bulk Messaging**: Send campaigns to multiple contacts
- **Chatbot Automation**:
  - Keyword-based auto-replies
  - Conversation flows with branching logic
  - AI-powered responses (OpenAI, Anthropic, Google)
  - Agent transfer support
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Track messages, engagement, and campaign performance

## Screenshots

<details>
<summary>Click to view screenshots</summary>

### Dashboard
![Dashboard](screenshot/01-dashboard.png)

### Chatbot Settings
![Chatbot Settings](screenshot/02-chatbot-settings.png)

### Keyword Rules
![Keyword Rules](screenshot/03-keyword-rules.png)
![Keyword Rule Editor](screenshot/04-keyword-rule-editor.png)

### AI Contexts
![AI Contexts](screenshot/05-ai-contexts.png)
![AI Context Editor](screenshot/06-ai-context-editor.png)

### Conversation Flows
![Conversation Flows](screenshot/07-conversation-flows.png)
![Conversation Flow Builder](screenshot/08-conversation-flow-builder.png)

### WhatsApp Flows
![WhatsApp Flows](screenshot/09-whatsapp-flows.png)
![WhatsApp Flow Builder](screenshot/10-whatsapp-flow-builder.png)

### Templates
![Templates](screenshot/11-templates.png)
![Template Editor](screenshot/12-template-editor.png)

### Campaigns
![Campaigns](screenshot/13-campaigns.png)
![Campaign Details](screenshot/14-campaign-details.png)

### Settings
![Settings](screenshot/15-settings.png)
![Account Settings](screenshot/16-account-settings.png)

</details>

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- **Go 1.21+** with [Fastglue](https://github.com/zerodha/fastglue) (fasthttp-based HTTP framework)
- **PostgreSQL** for data storage with GORM v2
- **Redis** for caching and pub/sub
- **JWT** for authentication

### Frontend
- **Vue 3** with Composition API and TypeScript
- **Vite** for build tooling
- **shadcn-vue** / Radix Vue for UI components
- **TailwindCSS** for styling
- **Pinia** for state management
- **Vue Query** for server state

## Project Structure

```
whatomate/
├── cmd/
│   └── server/           # Application entry point
├── internal/
│   ├── config/           # Configuration management
│   ├── database/         # Database connections
│   ├── handlers/         # HTTP handlers
│   ├── middleware/       # HTTP middleware
│   ├── models/           # Data models
│   └── services/         # Business logic
├── docker/               # Docker configuration
├── frontend/             # Vue.js frontend
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/   # UI components
│   │   ├── views/        # Page views
│   │   ├── stores/       # Pinia stores
│   │   ├── services/     # API services
│   │   └── lib/          # Utilities
│   └── ...
├── config.example.toml   # Example configuration
├── Makefile              # Build commands
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.21+
- Node.js 18+
- PostgreSQL 14+
- Redis 6+
- Docker & Docker Compose (optional)

### Development Setup

1. **Clone and configure**:
   ```bash
   cd whatomate
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your settings
   ```

2. **Start backend**:
   ```bash
   # Install dependencies
   go mod download

   # Run database migrations
   make migrate

   # Start the server
   make run
   ```

3. **Start frontend**:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```

### Docker Setup

```bash
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```

Access the application at `http://localhost:3000`

### Default Admin Login

When you run migrations for the first time, a default admin user is created:

- **Email**: `admin@admin.com`
- **Password**: `admin`

> **Important**: Change this password immediately after first login via the Profile page.

## Configuration

Copy `config.example.toml` to `config.toml` and update the values:

```toml
[app]
name = "Whatomate"
environment = "development"
debug = true

[server]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8080

[database]
host = "localhost"
port = 5432
user = "whatomate"
password = "your-password"
name = "whatomate"
ssl_mode = "disable"

[redis]
host = "localhost"
port = 6379
password = ""
db = 0

[jwt]
secret = "your-jwt-secret"
access_token_expiry = "15m"
refresh_token_expiry = "7d"

[whatsapp]
api_version = "v18.0"
webhook_verify_token = "your-webhook-verify-token"

[ai]
openai_api_key = ""
anthropic_api_key = ""
google_api_key = ""
```

## API Endpoints

### Authentication
- `POST /api/auth/register` - Register new user
- `POST /api/auth/login` - Login
- `POST /api/auth/refresh` - Refresh token
- `POST /api/auth/logout` - Logout

### WhatsApp Accounts
- `GET /api/accounts` - List accounts
- `POST /api/accounts` - Create account
- `PUT /api/accounts/:id` - Update account
- `DELETE /api/accounts/:id` - Delete account

### Users (Admin only)
- `GET /api/users` - List users
- `POST /api/users` - Create user
- `GET /api/users/:id` - Get user
- `PUT /api/users/:id` - Update user
- `DELETE /api/users/:id` - Delete user

### Contacts
- `GET /api/contacts` - List contacts (agents see only assigned)
- `POST /api/contacts` - Create contact
- `PUT /api/contacts/:id/assign` - Assign contact to agent
- `GET /api/contacts/:id/messages` - Get messages
- `POST /api/contacts/:id/messages` - Send message

### Templates
- `GET /api/templates` - List templates
- `POST /api/templates/sync` - Sync from Meta

### WhatsApp Flows
- `GET /api/flows` - List flows
- `POST /api/flows` - Create flow
- `GET /api/flows/:id` - Get flow
- `PUT /api/flows/:id` - Update flow
- `DELETE /api/flows/:id` - Delete flow
- `POST /api/flows/:id/save-to-meta` - Save/update flow on Meta
- `POST /api/flows/:id/publish` - Publish flow on Meta
- `POST /api/flows/:id/deprecate` - Deprecate flow
- `POST /api/flows/sync` - Sync flows from Meta

### Chatbot
- `GET /api/chatbot/settings` - Get settings
- `PUT /api/chatbot/settings` - Update settings
- `GET /api/chatbot/keywords` - List keyword rules
- `GET /api/chatbot/flows` - List flows
- `GET /api/chatbot/ai-contexts` - List AI contexts

### Webhooks
- `GET /api/webhook` - Webhook verification
- `POST /api/webhook` - Receive messages

## Role-Based Access Control

The platform supports three user roles with different permission levels:

| Feature | Admin | Manager | Agent |
|---------|-------|---------|-------|
| User Management | Full | None | None |
| Account Settings | Full | Full | None |
| Contacts | Full | Full | Assigned only |
| Messages | Full | Full | Assigned only |
| Templates | Full | Full | None |
| Flows | Full | Full | None |
| Campaigns | Full | Full | None |
| Chatbot Settings | Full | Full | None |
| Analytics | Full | Full | None |

- **Admin**: Full access to all features including user management
- **Manager**: Full access except cannot manage users
- **Agent**: Can only chat with contacts assigned to them

## WhatsApp Setup

1. Create a Meta Developer account at [developers.facebook.com](https://developers.facebook.com)
2. Create a new app and add the WhatsApp product
3. Get your Phone Number ID and Business Account ID
4. Generate a permanent access token
5. Configure the webhook URL to point to `/api/webhook`
6. Set the webhook verify token in your configuration

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details. Free to use and distribute, but not for sale or SaaS.
