docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/quickstart.mdx, before:

---
title: Quickstart
description: Get Whatomate up and running in minutes
---

import { Steps, Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Get Whatomate up and running in minutes using Docker or manual installation.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose (for Docker installation)
- Go 1.21+ (for manual installation)
- Node.js 18+ (for frontend development)
- PostgreSQL 14+
- Redis 6+

## Docker Installation (Recommended)

<Steps>

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/shridarpatil/whatomate.git
   cd whatomate
   ```

2. **Configure environment**

   ```bash
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your settings
   ```

3. **Start with Docker Compose**

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

4. **Access the application**

   Open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

</Steps>

## Manual Installation

<Steps>

1. **Clone and setup backend**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/shridarpatil/whatomate.git
   cd whatomate
   go mod download
   ```

2. **Configure the application**

   ```bash
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your database and Redis settings
   ```

3. **Run database migrations**

   ```bash
   go run cmd/server/main.go -migrate
   ```

4. **Start the backend server**

   ```bash
   go run cmd/server/main.go
   ```

5. **Setup frontend (development)**

   ```bash
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```

</Steps>

## WhatsApp Configuration

To connect your WhatsApp Business account:

<Steps>

1. Create a Meta Business account at [business.facebook.com](https://business.facebook.com)
2. Set up a WhatsApp Business API account
3. Generate an access token and note your Phone Number ID
4. Add these credentials in Whatomate's Account Settings

</Steps>

<Aside type="tip">
  For development, you can use Meta's test phone numbers to send messages without affecting your production account.
</Aside>

## Next Steps

- [Configuration Reference](/whatomate/getting-started/configuration) - Detailed configuration options
- [Dashboard Overview](/whatomate/features/dashboard) - Explore the dashboard
- [API Reference](/whatomate/api-reference/overview) - Integrate via REST API

Commit message:

Add chatbot buttons, default admin user, and update docs
- Add interactive button support for greeting and fallback messages
- Create default admin user (admin@admin.com/admin) on first migration
- Update README and docs with new features documentation

docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/quickstart.mdx, after:

---
title: Quickstart
description: Get Whatomate up and running in minutes
---

import { Steps, Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Get Whatomate up and running in minutes using Docker or manual installation.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose (for Docker installation)
- Go 1.21+ (for manual installation)
- Node.js 18+ (for frontend development)
- PostgreSQL 14+
- Redis 6+

## Docker Installation (Recommended)

<Steps>

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/shridarpatil/whatomate.git
   cd whatomate
   ```

2. **Configure environment**

   ```bash
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your settings
   ```

3. **Start with Docker Compose**

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

4. **Access the application**

   Open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

</Steps>

## Manual Installation

<Steps>

1. **Clone and setup backend**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/shridarpatil/whatomate.git
   cd whatomate
   go mod download
   ```

2. **Configure the application**

   ```bash
   cp config.example.toml config.toml
   # Edit config.toml with your database and Redis settings
   ```

3. **Run database migrations**

   ```bash
   go run cmd/server/main.go -migrate
   ```

   This will also create a default admin user (see below).

4. **Start the backend server**

   ```bash
   go run cmd/server/main.go
   ```

5. **Setup frontend (development)**

   ```bash
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```

</Steps>

## Default Admin Login

When you run migrations for the first time, a default admin user is automatically created:

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Email | `admin@admin.com` |
| Password | `admin` |

<Aside type="caution">
  Change this password immediately after first login via the Profile page (accessible from the user menu).
</Aside>

## WhatsApp Configuration

To connect your WhatsApp Business account:

<Steps>

1. Create a Meta Business account at [business.facebook.com](https://business.facebook.com)
2. Set up a WhatsApp Business API account
3. Generate an access token and note your Phone Number ID
4. Add these credentials in Whatomate's Account Settings

</Steps>

<Aside type="tip">
  For development, you can use Meta's test phone numbers to send messages without affecting your production account.
</Aside>

## Next Steps

- [Configuration Reference](/whatomate/getting-started/configuration) - Detailed configuration options
- [Dashboard Overview](/whatomate/features/dashboard) - Explore the dashboard
- [API Reference](/whatomate/api-reference/overview) - Integrate via REST API
